Update readme with clearer issue reporting guidelines (#19964)
nvaccess/nvda: projectDocs/issues/githubIssueTemplateExplanationAndExamples.md

  * Review [Proposing Major Changes](../dev/proposingMajorChanges.md) for more information.
* For [security vulnerabilities](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/security/advisories/new)
  * Please note that these are reported differently, for more information refer to our [disclosure policy/procedure](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/blob/master/security.md)
* Issues with materials handled by translators should be reported to the [NVDA Translators list](https://groups.io/g/nvda-translations).

> This includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These include:
```

> * Issues with materials handled by translators should be reported to the [NVDA Translators list](https://groups.io/g/nvda-translations).
> This includes:
>   * NVDA interface text that is incorrectly translated from English
>   * Contents of the User Guide and Changes documents that are incorrectly translated from English
>   * Locale-specific gestures, symbols and character descriptions

Reviewer 2: That's a _mailing_ list. If you mean a list of people, then just "to NVDA translators".
But in any case, this is not a template.
```suggestion
```

Author: yes, it should be reported there. Mailing lists are the most accessible tool for translation discussions and issues

> These are a fillable form that guides you through the process of providing the necessary information for your issue.

Reviewer: Because this paragraph is now more separated from the introduction given the new sub-list, it might need a little tweak.

```suggestion
These templates are fillable forms that guide you through the process of providing the necessary information for your issue.
```

> The "Advanced" version of these templates listed when [choosing templates for new issues](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/issues/new/choose) asks for the same information, but in a more free-form manner, with less supporting information.

Reviewer: Changing the last part to better explain (IMO) the difference, and further correcting pluralization.

```suggestion
The "Advanced" versions of these templates listed when [choosing templates for new issues](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/issues/new/choose) ask for the same information, but in a more free-form manner that doesn't use separate fields to guide and structure the process.
```

  * Review [Proposing Major Changes](../dev/proposingMajorChanges.md) for more information.
* For [security vulnerabilities](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/security/advisories/new)
  * Please note that these are reported differently, for more information refer to our [disclosure policy/procedure](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/blob/master/security.md)
* Issues with materials handled by translators should be reported to the [NVDA Translators list](https://groups.io/g/nvda-translations).
These include:
  * NVDA interface text that is incorrectly translated from English
  * Contents of the User Guide and Changes documents that are incorrectly translated from English

>   * Locale-specific gestures, symbols and character descriptions

Reviewer 3: Switch to the less technical term "languages other than English", and use the same terminology as the UI.
```suggestion
  * Input gestures, punctuation/symbol pronunciations, and character descriptions in languages other than English
```

These include:
  * NVDA interface text that is incorrectly translated from English

>   * Contents of the User Guide and Changes documents that are incorrectly translated from English

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * NVDA interface text that is incorrect in languages other than English
  * Contents of the User Guide and Changes documents that are incorrect in languages other than English
```
